Welcome to the lesson on A*Search.
In this lesson, you'll learn an algorithm that will allow you to
quickly and efficiently find a path between two points in your grid.
Essentially, you're learning a maze solving algorithm.
The A*Search algorithm is an algorithm that is
frequently used for path finding when working with graphs.
In this context, you can think of a graph as
just a collection of nodes with edges connecting some of the nodes.
A*Search allows you to efficiently find a path,
if one exists, between any two nodes in the graph.
In the code that you've been working on up until now,
it might not seem like you've been working with a graph that you could apply A*Search to.
In fact, up until now you've been working with a two-dimensional grid that has obstacles.
However, you can think of the grid as a graph with
edges connecting each pair of nodes that aren't separated by an obstacle.
Viewed from this perspective,
you can see why A*Search is an excellent algorithm for finding a path through your grid.
The steps that you'll take in this lesson to learn A* are as follows.
We'll start out with an introduction to Search,
and Sebastian Thrun will explain the A*Search algorithm.
We'll move on to programming A*Search,
in which the algorithm will be broken down
into several different exercises that you'll perform.
Then you'll look at an algorithm summary and
the structure of the code for these exercises.
Next, we'll look at some features of C++ that are relevant to A*Search,
including pass-by-reference, const and constexpr, and arrays.
By the time you finish this lesson,
you'll be able to print the path connecting the starting and ending points,
and that will complete your program.
Along the way, you'll also add
a few more special characters to clearly indicate the start point,
end point, and path steps.